This is just a random website I am creating
Problem Statement for a e-commerce website
This projects aims to develop an online shopping for customers with the goal so that it is very easy to shop your loved things from a extensive number of online shopping sites available on the web. With the help of this you can carry out an online shopping from your home. Here is nocompelling reason to go to the crowed stores or shopping centers during festival seasons. You simpy require aPC or a laptop and one important payment sending option to shop online. To get to this online shopping system all the customers will need to have a email and passwordto login and proceed your shopping . The login credentials for an online shopping system are under high security and nobody will have the capacityto crack it easily. Upon successful login the customers can purchase a wide range of things such as mobiles, books, apparel, jewellery, infant care, gifts, tools, etc. can be dispatched using online shopping system. Not justthese, you can also purchase from outside nations by few clicks on your mouse. And of course you will get your requested ordered items at your door step. It is simple. You will pick your favourite items from variety of online shopping sites looking at cost and quality. No need to go physical shops with this you will have more time to spend withyour family.It Just need a computer and a payment making options like net banking, credit card, debit card or paypal.Almost a wide range of things can be brought through online shopping system.You can purchase goods from foreign places from your bedroom and you will get your goods at your home.It is extremely secure. Customer service is accessible.
B) FUNCTIONALITIES 1.Homepage:Go to the Amazon website. 2.Category:Search for a product in specific category. 3.Search bar:List of products displayed. 4.Shopping cart or add to list:Select the product to be purchased. 5.Product condition:Select the product whether new or used. 6.Seller selection:Add the selected product to the cart 7.Multiple products:Proceed for checkout. 
8.Login credentials:Sign for by using existing amazon login credentials or continue as guest 9.Shipping address:Enter the product delivery address. 10.Shipping options:Select type of delivery. 11.Payment options:Provide payment details 12.Order confirmation:Confirm the order. 13.Tracking the product:Wait for the product to be delivered